Testing my limits gone wrong (twice) >~<

Author: w3t.f41ryy

*000*2025-09-29 15:44

Hi everyone !!

This is my first post so bear with me and sorry if it’s bad ! I just wet myself twice, and wanted to share what happened!!

I was scrolling on here and seeing other experiences made me want to start a hold:P I wasn’t planning on wetting myself at the time, only seeing how desperate I could get since I have tested my limits in a while. It was going great for a while, I was sipping on my Stanley and went to refill it, which I then drank all of. My desperation was steady around a 3-5 for a couple hours with a wave hitting at about a 7 and then it all suddenly hit me hard!! I really forgot how little my bladder could handle. I tried to make it to the toilet when the desperation hit (I was a 9, almost a 10) I was holding myself and squirming around on my bed but there was no keeping all that pee in >~<

When I realized this was it for my bladder, I tried to compose myself and stand up, which made the urge unbearable. I got out my bedroom door and a massive leak went down my legs, which made a loud splat on the wood floor. The relief from that felt amazing, but I also began to panic. I could barely stop, and a puddle was forming beneath me. The bathroom is a floor below my room, past two other rooms. There was no way I was gonna make it!! I ran back into my room and I fully lost it, still trying to keep it in somehow. It was a total flood but it felt amazing! My panties were soaked already in the hallway, now my floor was taking all the damage.

I cleaned myself up, changed into sweats, drank another stanley cup of water, and tried to take a nap after that. My bladder must of been super exhausted from the first accident, because I was doing the same thing again! Squirming in my room, running outside to the hall, realizing I can’t make it down the stairs, running into my room and soaking myself >~<

It felt sooo good to not be able to control myself, and I definitely want more~ I could see myself taking a break from using the potty, since going in my pants felt better anyways~

Thank you for reading~

*002*2025-09-30 23:29

{{3 hours ago, MrStrangerous said:

First and foremost - welcome to the community!

Although it was a short story I enjoyed reading it -you have an elaborate and expressive writing style, that makes it easy to imagine the situation unfolding.

I hope you continue to explore - and write about - this interest.

How did you learn of your interest in this, and which parts in particular do you enjoy about it?

Not to make it about myself, but ... gosh it's been a while since I interacted on here, and I have your refreshing story to thank for that!

}}

Thank you for the welcome and the kind words!! I had a lot of fun writing this so I def plan on keeping that up!

I’ve had an omorashi kink for years, I pretty much just had a lot of accidents growing up due to my small bladder and I started to find it hot and experimented with holding on purpose. There’s a lot of things about omorashi that turn me on, the desperation, the public humiliation, the giving up total bladder control to someone else.

That’s super sweet and I’m happy to hear that you liked it!!

