Another great wetting by my wife

Author: Wetforlife

*000*2025-11-02 22:36

A few weeks ago I was out with my wife driving through a pretty large national park. We ended up driving about 1.5 hours to get there and there was pretty much not a single place to stop for a solid hour. My wife had a pretty large coffee on the way. When we got to one of the entrances of the park both of us had to go to the bathroom. They were some outhouses basically and both of them were definitely not maintained as it was pretty much out of season now so there was no toilet paper and they were absolutely nasty. My wife took one look inside and said absolutely not I’m holding it for now and maybe we’ll find another toilet.

We were planning on going on about a 4 mile hike which wasn’t terrible then leaving. We had started down the trail and got to the end to a lookout we planned on turning around at. At that point she said she probably couldn’t hold it much longer as her underwear definitely already had a wet spot. I told her why don’t you just go on the side of the trail no one’s around nor will anyone care. She contemplated it for a second because that’s really not her thing. She looked and said yeah I’m going to do that.

It was raining a decent amount this morning and the night before so she took off her rain jacket for a second and asked me to hold off so she could go. She we walked a little bit off the trail and she squatted a tiny bit and immediately started going. I looked at her and said your leggings??? She said oh that was never part of my plan to take them off. I said uhhh okay (she has peed her pants plenty of times on accident and on purpose so she knew what she was getting herself into). I stood there and enjoyed what I was watching! She made so little effort to squat that it started running down her leggings and at that point she just stood up to finish. She was wearing some boots that went like 3-4 inches above her ankles since it was raining earlier and muddy. I noticed the pee starting to run down her legs into her boots. It was honestly more pee than I’d seen in a while haha but the issue was her boots were waterproof so the pee just stayed in them.

When she finally finished she smiled and said I feel much better now but there’s pee covering my feet haha. I asked her if she wanted to empty them out before we started walking and she said nah don’t worry about it right now it’s too much work to take these on and off especially with wet socks. We went ahead and finished the hike and my wife said she was going to pee again just to make sure shed be good for the ride home. This time when she went it all immediately just ran down into her boots since her leggings were already wet and I could see they were actually pretty full now. She said let’s walk around a little so I can dry off a bit and get some of the pee out of my boots.

We walked around for a little just looking at some other stuff nearby and she let the pee splash out of her boots for the most part. About 30-40 mins later we headed back to the car and headed home. When we got home she finally took her boots off and oh my did they have a lot of pee in them. Her socks even had a slight yellow hue to them now lol. Ended up being a great day for both of us!

