Almost wet the bed, really closecall

Author: WillinglyWet

*000*2025-11-24 09:42

As i propably mentioned earlier in here that i have wet the bed only once in my life and never was a bedwetter as a child either. Last night it was super close to wet the bed for the second time in my life, yiekes.

Here is the story, i have done pee holding challenges couple of times last week end and did one yesterday with a person who shares our interest in omo. During the hold session i got couple of beers and drank quite a lot of water also to get my bladder full as possible as fast as possible also.haha. Holding challenge went nice and we had a great time together seeing eventually both of us wetting our pants, after the fun i spend the rest of the evning as usual watching series and stuff from the web.

Around 10:30 pm i was feeling quite dozy and decided it was good time to hit the bed, so i used toilet before getting in the bed that i though i didnt need to get up at night to pee, how wrong was i! I fell a sleep so fast that i dont even realized i was that tired. But after a few hours in sleep i woke up, confused trying to realize what was happening. I felt something wasnt right as my confused sleepy state laying in my back in bed..shock! no i know what was wrong, i was PEEING, not forcefullu but slowly stream in my boxers. As shocked i was i managed to stop the flow and rush in yhe toilet and finished peeing there, after fully emptying my bladder check out the damage. Yep, need to change my undies as they were visibly wet and decided to go in the shower at morning. Checking out bed i was happy it did keep dry atleast,haha.

Just like share my experience with you guys, dont know which lead this? maybe holding challenges i did earlier or super deep sleep. Maybe both? dont know but that what happende anyways.

*003*2025-11-24 15:00

{{29 minutes ago, Alex62 said:

Sounds like u did wet the bed 😂

}}

Haha, it depends how you look at it. Undies got wet for sure but no wettness in the mattress, maybe techinically i did wet the bed.

*006*2025-11-25 09:32

{{14 hours ago, shadow prince of hearts said:

Quite the experience. Thank goodness you were able to keep your bed dry, or maybe not?

I have not experienced genuine bed wetting since I was really little. Must have felt interesting.

}}

Was interesting experience for sure,must to admit that much.haha

