Snus induced desperation!

Author: Wassupbro

*000*2025-11-30 09:39

Today I had the privilege of plenty free time to walk! On my walks, I listen to music and snus. It’s kinda like a tobacco pouch that rests in your lip and after a while, it starts to run. Some people throw it out at this point, but I want to get the most out of it, so I usually drink a lot of water or tea wash it down.

I already had it in while I was making dinner for my roommate, so I drank some tea and a few glasses of water without care. I peed here and then I brought another bottle with me on the walk. It was all amazing! I had a nice long walk and about 2 hours in I noticed CRAP, I have to pee! Since it was late all stores were closed nearby so I had no choice but to try to make it home.

It quickly rose to like a 9/10 and to make it worse, my roommates dog was begging to be let out as soon as I walked in the door. So I took him out and rushed back in. I barely got my belt and jeans unbuttoned in time, I had to rush and only made it to the shower until it poured out. It was the closest call I’ve had ever I think haha

*002*2025-11-30 17:46

{{2 hours ago, Explorermonkey said:

It's really fun setting yourself up to need a pee while the toilets are far far away! 😁

Snus is really common here in Scandinavia, and I tried so hard to start because I thought it was sooo cool. But I hated every second of it haha

}}

For sure, it’s great to never know the outcome haha!

Actually I started to be cool too, but I ended up liking it a lot xD Er du svensk eller norsk?

*004*2025-12-01 09:07

{{15 hours ago, Explorermonkey said:

I think a lot of people start because they think it's cool! I like the smell, but hate the taste haha! Glad I didn't start with regards to both health and economics.

Jeg er norsk

}}

Yeah it’s definitely a good thing not to start! Drinking alcohol too, it’s fun but both are expensive and bad for you haha

Wow, jeg har aldri møtt en nordmann her før!

