Nitrogen Fertilizer

Author: wetoliver

*000*2025-12-18 04:15

Wanted to hold tonight. Consumed about 40 oz of water while already very hydrated. Held for about 3 hours. Didn't want to deal with the cleanup of wetting, so as i neared a 5/10, I decided the big potted iris I'd taken from the dumpster a couple months ago could use a watering and would be able to handle what I believe was around a liter and a half of piss as my 5/10 progressed to an 8/10 and I neared my capacity. As my bladder filled and my volume grew, I'd been sitting on the couch watching TV and working on a personal project.

As I really hit that 8/10, I started to be hit with serious waves of 9-9.5/10 levels of desperation and I shoved my hand into my lap, holding myself firmly as I got a little nervous that I might leak on the couch. I stood up, pacing, not wanting to give in yet, periodically squeezing my cock with more and more pressure as my bladder continued to fill. Eventually, I was sitting at an 8.5 that was urgently threatening to become a 9, meaning waves of desperation would start leading to leaks.

But I'm admittedly a masochist, and I love the truly desperate part of holding. So I decided to pop out to the balcony for a little smoke to take the edge off my bladder. After a few minutes, an HVAC unit on the side of the building kicked on, and it occurred to me it would perfectly mask the loud rush that I knew my desperate release was going to make. My resolve folded. I quickly huddled over the pot of dormant irises, fumbling my boxers completely off.

The release was nearly orgasmic and I believe lasted about 45 seconds and seemed over a liter. It hissed and then spattered into the dirt and i couldn't help but get a little hard as I marked my territory. It was dark, as I obviously don't want people seeing me exposed watering my potted plants, but I wished I could have seen the puddle I created better.

As I wrote this after, I felt my bladder slowly refilling, and returned to the pot a second time, now with a blanket wrapped around my shoulders and down to my knees. I dimmed my phone flashlight by partly covering it with my finger so I could discreetly enjoy watching my own stream rush from my body as I emptied my bladder into the pot a second time, less desperate but still equally erotic, as the last few drops were hampered in their exit by my getting hard again.

The dirt took it readily, though it will only get plain water from now on for a long time.

I've been meaning for a while to hold to my absolute capacity and measure it for here because I believe it may well be 2 liters. Putting it as a note here at the bottom to raise the likelihood of me actually doing it. I wasn't there tonight, as I was still a little ways away from losing control.

