Girlfriend wet herself coming home from work

Author: Wettinglvr

*000*2025-12-20 22:45

So for a bit of background: my girlfriend is in her mid twenties, about 5’ 7”, blonde, has a slim waste but really wide hips, a big bum, D cup breasts and is generally gorgeous. She knows about my fetish and will occasionally indulge me, but it’s rare as it’s not really for her. Even if she does, she really doesn’t like the discomfort of desperation, so it’s usually fully intentional and no real desperation involved, she just wets herself on purpose when she needs to go. I’ll call her Katie (not her real name).

I work in sales and generally have long calls with clients. You have to be really switched on on the calls because active listening is the key in the position. She works for the same company, but in a different department. Fridays are “casual Fridays” so she was wearing leggings, no panties, and a jumper. She was in the office, and I was working from home.

As it was the day of the staff Christmas party, she was allowed to head home at lunch and work from home in the afternoon. She text me to let me know she was leaving the office, and started walking home.

She was eager to get out so didn’t use the bathroom before she left, but she realised quite quickly after leaving that she needed to pee badly. It’s only about. 20-25 minute walk, but she had to stop off at a pharmacy on the way.

Once she left the pharmacy, she realised it was a really urgent situation so she walked as quickly as she could. By the time she reached home she was bursting. She crossed her legs as she reached into her bag to grab her keys and… she’d left them at home.

She was really panicking at this point and sends me a text saying “can u let me up, I’ve got no keys”.

Unfortunately for her, I was on a promising call so couldn’t, and I’m not great at multitasking so didn’t reply, and just focused on the call. A minute later and she called me and I let the call ring out, then got another text saying “honey”.

She hadn’t told me of her need so I didn’t know what was going on or why she was doing this. She knows the importance of my work so i just thought she was being impatient and trying to get let in. At this point i had to send her a message back to stop her so just replied “Katie stop I’m on a call”.

Then the next message… “I’m literally weeing myself, please let me up” (we live in an apartment).

Now I saw this message, and still assumed she wasn’t actually being literal and using the word flippantly. I wrapped up the call (probably took about 10 minutes from there), then once it was wrapped up I headed to the door to buzz her in. I opened the door and to my surprise she wasn’t in a rush or anything. As she was wearing black leggings, nothing was visible from a distance. “Are you okay honey? What happened” I asked her.

She replied “I’ll just show you”. We stepped into the flat and she took my hand and placed it straight on her pussy and it dawned on me she had been dead serious. I felt how wet she was and I responded “you wet yourself?” She looked back at me with an adorable helpless look on her face and said “I couldn’t hold it”.

This absolutely sent me and I kissed her passionately. She then ran her hand up my thigh and grabbed my package, obviously I was rock hard so she pulled away from the kiss and looking at me with a devilish smile. “I thought you might like this.” She said

I started to examine her closer and sure enough, she was soaked. I spun her round and in the light I could see the wetness up half her gorgeous ass and about 80% of the way down both legs. I started to rub her pussy over the wet leggings and I could feel her clit was swolen. She then took out my cock and started wanking me off whilst I ran my hands over her wet leggings and we kissed. She started talking dirty about what had happened. She the turns around so I can look at her ass and continues playing with me. It doesn’t take long before she brings me to climax and I blew my load over her ass, still with the leggings on.

I kissed her again and she made a comment about how happy I looked. I asked her for more detail about what happened and she filled me in. She said when she was wetting herself, she thought “fucking great 🙄 at least he’ll like this”. She then asked permission if she could go and clean herself up because she felt gross

The whole thing was surprising because I barely ever even see her desperate because she dislikes the feeling of a full bladder so much, she’ll just go as soon as she notices a need. It was so fucking sexy though and I can’t stop thinking about it.

