Little road trip accident

Author: Wetlifter37

*000*2026-01-04 21:33

Last week on the way home from new years the next day, I unintentionally repeated the events of new years last year (see New Years Eve Car Desperation) and found myself desperate on the highway. I had drank a medium coffee to stay alert for the drive (wintery weather where I live) and by an hour and a half in I felt it fillling up my bladder. I had not worn a pad in my panties as my overactive bladder has been not too bad recently. I debated stopping but with the snowy conditions and it getting close to sunset I was hesitant, and figured I'd keep going a little while longer. I passed an exit, my bladder around a 7/10 but felt confident and not yet desperate, though the urge was certainly constant. I decided to drive on, enjoying the pleasant semi-fullness.

Around 20 minutes later, my growing urge had necessitated I repeat a tactic of past desperate drives: I wedged a hard plastic glasses case between my legs to help me hold. I was becoming desperate now, still doing okay but perhaps it was time to find a place to stop. I kept my eye out for exits. Not seeing any, I wiggled (un)comfortably against the glasses case. For now I would have to stay full (what a shame😛),but I was also a bit concerned. Though I quite relished in the feeling, I did not want to wet the seats of my car, so I was hoping an exit would come up soon. A couple minutes later, I saw a sign advertising the next exit in 10 minutes. Okay. I steeled myself and my now firm and moderately bulging bladder. I could manage that, *I think*. I shifted a bit more against the glasses case and tried to ignore the now undeniable strong pressure.

10 minutes went by, my desperation growing, but still under control. The exit came and I was delighted, I could tell I only had so much time left before leaking was inevitable. I pulled up to the end of the exit ramp, waiting to turn onto the street where the rest stop was. All of a sudden, a big bladder spasm overtook me. I instinctively grabbed my crotch, even in line beside other drivers waiting to turn. I had no choice, it felt like I was about to leak and I was not about to pee on my seats. Okay, I had made it through the spasm *phew*. Unfortunately, the line of cars was very long. The cars in front of me turned, but I was unable to, waiting through another long red light and more drivers ahead of me to turn. Waves of desperation washed over me and I found myself grabbing my crotch through another spasm a couple more times. A tiny spurt hit my panties ("not entirely surprising"🤭, I thought), but no matter, so far, so good.

Finally, I was able to make the turn. I had to drive on a bit further, and make a second turn into the parking lot of the rest area. As I began to do so, suddenly, another bladder spasm hit. Undoubtedly it was the latchkey effect of seeing the building of bathrooms just steps in front of me. I grabbed my crotch again as I was making the turn. My bladder felt stretched and firm as it spasmed a fourth time, and this time my hand was no use. I released 3 more spurts - strong, solid jets this time, into the crotch of my jeans (and into my hand, useless to stop them). It was an immediate relief, but I was still very desperate. I examined the damage. A palm sized wet patch glistened clearly on the front of my medium blue jeans. I zipped up my coat around my accident, covering it well, and walked inside, feeling the small but undeniable wet patch against my legs as I walked through the rest area. I was still very desperate, though a little less since my accident.

I released the rest of my aching bladder in the toilet and examined the rest of the damage. An admirable wet stain also extended up my bum where I had been sitting. I attempted to dry my pants and underwear as well as I could with wadded up TP, though it was not much use - my jeans were fairly wet and my panties quite soaked. I accepted it and pulled my wet pants back up, zipping my coat up to hide my accident once again. It would be my little secret to sit in my wet pants as I completed the last half hour of my drive.

Unfortunately I didn't have the chance to take any pictures, but I took a scroll through the archives of all my wetting pics and picked out a couple that accurately represent the size of my wet patch (front and back) that day. Questions welcome!

*005*2026-01-08 21:03

{{On 1/5/2026 at 10:48 AM, xx_Karnac_xx said:

A legend returns with a great a story as always good to see you again and a happy new year!

}}

Haha, why thank you!!

*007*2026-01-08 21:07

{{On 1/4/2026 at 5:23 PM, kiltedwetspot said:

Fantastic account, thanks for sharing it!

Wintery weather always gets me. Not so much latchkey as the second I step into the cold air I *must* pee now. This has almost caught me out by the roadside once or twice.

The worst (funnier) one was when I stepped out the car, slipped and landed in the snow. The second my ass hit the cold snow below me i lost it completely.

Ended up driving home with no jeans on and hoped I had no other reason to get out the car!

}}

Yes, I get what you mean, I get the cold air - got to pee thing for sure too, especially if I already have to go quite a bit.

That's a great story about losing control in the snow! Too bad you weren't able to stay in the wet jeans but its always tough to keep it off your seats in the car. I was lucky this time that my coat covered it.

{{1 minute ago, MickyMoist said:

Gorgeous!

}}

Why thank you!

If anyone has any (respectful) questions about the whole experience go ahead!

*009*2026-01-08 21:51

{{2 minutes ago, Alba wetting said:

Those little moments.... Dammm for me it's the most arousing! You're a great writer. Very erotic!

}}

Thank you!! And haha, yeah I wasn't surprised. I probably should've worn a pad for a road trip like that and little leaks like that when I'm very desperate are far from uncommon for me!

