2-1

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2026-02-02 09:31

The car felt so cosy last night, the M4 stretching endlessly on in front of us.

My body was a mix of drunkenness and exhaustion, the kind that pulls you into a hazy, almost dreamlike state. Marcus was beside me, his hand casually resting on the wheel, humming along to some old indie song we both pretended to know the lyrics to, yay for absolute radio 90s!

It was late 11 o' clockish, the world outside quiet except for the steady hum of the engine.

We’d been in Bristol for a lovely chilled weekend reconnecting with old friends, drinking way more than we should’ve, and pretending like we didn’t have busy lives waiting for us in London.

Somewhere around Bath I fell asleep in the passenger seat for a bit, maybe even passed out. I don't remember when exactly, but I woke up with a start, my bladder screaming at me like a desperate toddler.

"Marcus!" I gasped, my voice thick with sleep. "I need to pee... like, *right now*."

He shot me a quick look, his brow furrowed in concern, he knows me so well. "You okay?"

I tried to focus my bleary eyes on the road ahead. "I need a toilet. Bad."

He didn't even argue, just accelerated a bit and started looking for the next service station. We were somewhere just past Hungerford, I knew what was next, Chievely my old nemesis, site of two previous embarrasing situations.

I could feel the pressure building, an uncomfortable tightness in my stomach that was rapidly turning into a full-on emergency.

As we neared Newbury, I realized I couldn’t hold it in much longer. The slight bump of the road seemed to press against my bladder, and I gasped, clenching my legs together as best as I could.

"Marcus, please!" I whimpered. "I'm gonna..."

"Don’t worry, just hold on. We're almost there," he assured me, glancing over at me with wide eyes.

The moment he pulled into Chievely Services, I couldn't even wait for him to park properly. My shoes slapped the asphalt as I scrambled out of the car, practically running to the entrance with one hand jammed between my legs for support.

"Just hold on for a few seconds," I muttered to myself like some sort of mantra, even though I was pretty sure my body was past the point of negotiation.

"Please not again," I begged, more to my bladder than anything else, "Please, please don't fail me now."

I was so close. So incredibly close. The sign to the toilets was just ahead, and I was almost there.

My feet slipped on the smooth floor as I sprinted inside, nearly colliding with a wall, but I didn’t care. All that mattered was the cubicle and the sweet relief that awaited me behind that door.

The first cubicle on the left was vacant, and I wasn’t sure I could make it another step, I dove in, hands still gripping myself, trying to hurry before the worst happened. I stood in the cubicle hopping from foot to foot, holding myself not wanting to relinquish the support they were giving me.

I locked the door and tore down my jeans and knickers, flung myself on the toilet for sweet relief.

I looked down, finally realizing there was a damp spot the size of a small satsuma on the front of my underwear.

I sighed, That one doesn't count I thought. Twice already at Chievely, and here I was, nearly making it a hat trick.

I’d "just" avoided it, and that was enough for me. I could pretend it hadn’t happened if I didn’t think about it too much.

As I finished up and started washing my hands, I felt a strange chill creep up my spine. Something was off. I couldn’t place it right away.

It was only when I turned to dry my hands, there they were, a whole row of urinals!

My face flushed so hot I thought I might pass out.

I froze. My hands, wet from washing, stopped mid-air, and I slowly, painfully turned around.

I had just used the men’s toilet!

A laugh bubbled up in my chest, a mix of disbelief and the pure absurdity of it all. How did I manage this? I was drunk, sure, but I could still see. I could still read signs. Couldn’t I?

I made a beeline for the door, all but racing out, hoping no one saw me.

My heart was still thudding in my chest when I spotted Marcus, who was leaning against the car with his phone in his hand.

He looked me up and down and raised an eyebrow when he saw me. "Everything okay?"

“Uh, yeah,” I muttered, shuffling toward him, trying to act casual. “Totally fine.”

“You sure? You look... flushed, did you make it? Your jeans are dry”

“Nothing to worry about,” I said, not quite meeting his eyes.

He paused for a second, looking me up and down before letting out a chuckle.

“You didn’t go in the men’s, did you?”

“Shut up.” I shot him a glare, but the corner of my mouth was twitching.

He grinned. “I knew it. You’ve got a reputation, you know.”

I just shook my head, rolling my eyes as I got into the car. "It’s not funny."

"Yeah, it kind of is," he teased, starting the engine. "Hey, at least you avoided the hat trick."

I buried my face in my hands, utterly mortified. "I can’t believe I did that."

“Well," he said with a smirk, "It’s one for the books. Chievely 2, Katy 1."

"You keep scores?" I said.

"Yeah, Glastonbury Festival 2 Katy 0

Marcus' house 7 Katy 0

Kings Cross Station 1 Katy 1

That's relegation form, Kate"

"Shut up or I'll make it Marcus' car seat 0 Katy 1!"

