Desperate on a cruise excursion!

Author: WhenYouGottaGo

*000*2026-02-01 16:29

I know I don't post enough here but I just remembered this story from 2024.

Family vacation we got to go on a cruise but my mom only could get 4 tickets, so it was me, her, my brother, and his (now ex) fiancé. On one of the days we got to go on a snorkeling and motorboat excursion that was in the morning. My mom had a back injury so she did not get to go out on the motorboats so it was just me, my brother, and his fiancé.

So of course wake up, go pee, then get dressed to go get breakfast. We did not have much time after breakfast so I go back, put my bikini on under my clothes and the three of us head off the ship to go to our meeting spot which probably took like 15 mins from all the walking. So while we are waiting I realize, I kinda need to pee from what I drank during breakfast, annoying but oh well it really was not that bad. After waiting for like 20 mins we finally get our tour guide and we walk about 10 mins and we all cram into these vans. It was about a 20 min drive to the destination. We get off the van and im thinking they were going to let us use the bathrooms first because I was really needing to go!! NOPE, they hurry us along to get our life vests/snorkel, lock our stuff up in a locker and get to our boats.

I need to pee pretty bad at this point so my new plan was to try to swim away from the group and try to go when we got to our first spot, Probably wouldnt have been able to but i needed to try. NOPE. The entire snorkeling part of the tour kept was in a tight group and there is no way I would ever allow myself to pee swimming with a group of people, thats just disgusting so I hold it. So fast forward we go around on the boats to different spots and im holding my pee this entire time. As we are heading back I have the boat going full speed and omg the bouncing off the waves on my bladder was not fun.

I started to think if I should just pee myself in the boat since I had mine all to myself. Well dont worry, Im not disgusting because I know how rude that would be since the next tour group would be coming after us and thats just gross if someone sat in that. Well they also had one of the tour guides out on like a little dock taking pictures of everyone as they went by. So I have this super cute and cool picture of me waving to the camera while driving the boat and nobody knows the only thing I could think about was the moral ramifications of flooding the boat with my pee!

We finally get back, I get off the boat and I have to pee so bad and I have no idea where the bathrooms are!!! My brother and his ex are still out on the water. Well I overhear a couple nearby talking and I hear the woman tell her bf "I need to go find a bathroom"

Well I hurry over to her and say "Do you mind if I follow you to the bathroom???"

She must have seen the look on my face because she was like "omg those waves were not helping us were they"

"no they were not and I have had to pee since we got off the ship"

"SAME! ok lets go!!"

Her boyfriend kinda rolled his eyes lol but I followed them towards the bathrooms and omg it was so nice to finally go. And for reference when I peed that morning before breakfast was hours ago, it was close to noon when I finally got to go. So before breakfast all the way to lunch time I had to hold it. .

Would love to hear your thoughts and opinions!

*002*2026-02-01 16:50

{{Just now, WiiGuy86 said:

This is so hot! I love swimsuit desperation scenarios. was the other woman in the stall next to you? Who peed more?

}}

Oh it was me LOL. I don't doubt what she said but people who aren't into this kind of exaggerate it sometimes.

*004*2026-02-01 19:22

{{31 minutes ago, DespAndHold said:

I am surprised you were the most desperate though as everyone was likely waiting a similar amount of time and you are so well trained for holding it. Was your brother fiancé desperate when they returned?

}}

Not that surprising really. I think just about everyone peed before leaving the ship, I did not since it was wake up, pee, breakfast, change, leave ship in rapid succession.

*007*2026-02-02 00:36

{{1 hour ago, my_pee_anon said:

This is a fantastic story! Was it harder to hold on given the sounds of the sloshing water?

}}

Not really from the sounds but from the bouncing off the waves.

