The kebab shop was a mistake

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2026-02-09 15:12

Sunday afternoons are usually quiet at ours.

Marcus was at his mate's house helping him with some flatpack furniture.

Around 5pm I opened a bottle of wine. Just one glass, I told myself. I put the Ozzy Osborne Coming Home documentary on the telly and settled into that soft, lazy feeling Sundays are made for.

Then there was a knock at the door.

Not a casual knock. A something-is-wrong knock.

I opened it to Lucy, standing there with red eyes, blotchy cheeks, and mascara down her face. She didn’t even get all the way inside before she broke.

“He’s been cheating,” she said. “For months.”

That was it. I shut the door, pulled her into a hug, and steered her to the sofa. The wine glasses got topped up without discussion. She talked. I listened.

Then she cried some more.

One bottle became two.

Tears turned into anger, then into bitter laughter. At some point Lucy said, “I can’t sit here anymore or I’ll lose my mind.”

“Pub?” I suggested.

“Pub.”

So we put coats on and went.

The pub was warm and forgiving and cosy, we drank more than we should have. We talked too loudly. It helped.

When we finally left, we were starving.

“Kebab?” Lucy asked.

“Kebab,” I agreed immediately.

The kebab shop was oddly busy for a Sunday night.

The queue barely moved.

The smell was incredible and unbearable at the same time.

That’s when I realised I really needed the toilet. I ignored it, the best I could.

I noticed Lucy was subtly hopping from foot to foot and she was trying to hold herself discretely with her hand in her pockets.

“We’ll be home in two minutes,” she said hopefully.

We were not home in two minutes.

By the time we reached Lucy’s place, she was fumbling with her keys, laughing and swearing.

"I’m gonna fuckin piss me sen in a second!”

I was standing there concentrating very hard on not thinking about anything except the door opening.

The key turned, the door swung open.

And that was it.

“Oh no,” I said, panic flooding in. “Lucy...” a hot spurt of pee warmed my knickers.

She turned to look at me and immediately understood. “Oh God. Go!”

“I’ll use the loo you use the bath!” she blurted, already moving.

I made it to the bathroom, kicked off my trainers and clambered into the bath but I was already past the point of saving anything, I was wet to my knees. My hands were shaking, my belt felt impossible, and I just stood there for a second in stunned disbelief as a puddle formed in the bath tub and trickled down the plughole.

“Well,” I muttered to myself. “That’s happened.”

There was nothing to do but deal with it. I stripped off my jeans and knickers as Lucy pissed a torrent into the loo.

I wandered into the kitchen naked from the waist down, sat at Lucy's breakfast bar and started to eat my kebab.

Lucy came out of the bathroom a minute later, looking just as wrecked but relieved,I don't think she was aware of a small wet patch the size of a grapefruit on the front of her pale blue jeans.

We looked at each other "I can see your kebab"she giggled!

I rang Marcus with my mouth full of food. “I need a lift home please”

He didn’t ask questions. He just said, “I’m on my way.”

Marcus rang the doorbell I put my coat on, grateful I'd worn my long one.

“These are… mine,” I said handing him a plastic bag containing my wet things.

He took it, glanced inside, then nodded solemnly. “Thank you for the gift.”

“Oh shut up.”

“I’ll treasure it always,” he said, popping it in the boot. “Really completes my Sunday.”

I climbed into the passenger seat, mortified.

Marcus sniffed theatrically. “You know what? I think the garlic mayo smell is doing a cracking job of covering up the smell of wee!

*002*2026-02-09 20:54

{{1 hour ago, puwee said:

Thanks for the story. I hope Lucy is ok.

}}

As Luce would say "she'll be alreet"!

I'm sure she'll have plenty of fun on the dating apps.

*006*2026-02-10 07:12

{{8 hours ago, empty2 said:

So what did you end up changing into?

}}

I didn't, I just wore my long coat for the ride home!

*010*2026-02-10 12:50

{{9 minutes ago, empty2 said:

The benefits of having a super long coat

}}

Yes, when worn with calf length boots it has many benefits that I have taken full advantage of!

