Celebrity wetting (no names sorry).

Author: Wetkaty

*000*2026-02-17 11:24

I've just come out of a really boring meeting about reputational damage, PR and client protection.

The meeting was really dull apart from Martin's story which I'm sure you will all enjoy.

We were talking about recent clients and potential PR disasters.

Martin who has been in the industry since way before I was born spoke up about a situation he dealt with in the 90s.

He’d been handling a huge singing group at the time, regulars on live Saturday morning kids’ TV.

One member was a functioning alcoholic but she usually held it together and if anything was known as the funny one.

On this particular morning, she’d been drinking early. They were backstage, minutes from performing.

She was in a drunken stupor on a sofa when five minutes to stage time was announced.

One of her bandmates shook her awake. She staggered to her feet mumbled something about toilets before she completely lost control.

"It looked like someone had turned a tap on in her jeans" Martin said. "suddenly I was faced with a lad's mag favourite standing in a puddle of her own piss"

"Everyone froze for half a second. Then instinct kicked in."

"I had to explain to the producer that she had a migraine, the presenter told viewers she was “feeling poorly.” The others performed without her."

"It was a fuckin nightmare" Martin continued, "One of the makeup ladies helped her undress and wrapped her in a towelling robe, we got security to escort her out through a side corridor to avoid cameras. She was mortified."

"I had to get another car sorted for the rest of the group and make all sorts of promises to the producers of the show which is why that world famous American star appeared on a relatively small kids tv show."

"The story didn't get out though did it?" Martin said proudly.

“No photos, no conflicting stories, immediate alignment,” Martin said. “a gorgeous looking, famous woman pissing her pale blue jeans and making a puddle on the floor. There was no story because we moved fast.”

Martin chuckled to himself.

"Funny innit, the next time she was in a lads mag she was wearing the same jeans and all these blokes were wanking over her picture!"

*003*2026-02-17 14:12

{{48 minutes ago, shadow prince of hearts said:

Celebrity wetting is more common than most would think. Really comes down to whether they have a break or not in whatever they are doing.

You don't stop a concert because someone can't hold it through a song when you are on a big stage.

No personal experience in that statement but if you look around you can find stories on it.

For a TV show that is an entirely different thing though so I definitely get why she was rushed out.

}}

When I was at school there was a rumour that a singer from the X-Factor or perhaps The Voice wet her jeans in the middle of a concert and her manager made her finish the set.

I wish I could remember her name but I've never been into those programmes or that sort of music so I've got no hope!

*010*2026-02-20 10:48

I'm enjoying all this speculation 🤣.

I'm just wondering about the risks of naming her, can anyone help me?

*012*2026-02-20 11:51

{{5 minutes ago, Thegame123 said:

So based on no actual knowledge of the celebrity PR industry and the fact I really want to know who it is, I’d say there is no risk at all in naming them 😉😉

Joking aside I would say given it was such a long time ago and posted in this damp corner of the internet any risk would be minimal. I suppose the only risk is if your colleague only ever told the story that one time and everyone else who witnessed it at the time kept it a secret which seems unlikely. If somebody posted it from here somewhere more public it could potentially be linked bank to your meeting - but I’d say all that is extremely unlikely.

You’ve got to be comfortable sharing but I’d love to know.

}}

It's not the wetting bit I'm worried about but saying that they were an alcoholic.

I'm not keen on outing myself as an Omorashi fetishist via a libel case!

